doc: samples: lwm2m_carrier: Add overlay and doc for SoftBank and LG U+ (#18706)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_description.rst

  If you need to use native TLS with Thingy:91, you must disable features to free up flash memory.

* :file:`overlay-carrier.conf` - Configuration file that adds |NCS| :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` support.

>     See :ref:`slm_carrier_library_support` for more information on how to connect to an operator's device management platform.
> 
>   * :file:`overlay-carrier-softbank.conf`;:file:`sysbuild-softbank.conf` - Configuration files that adds SoftBank configurations needed by the carrier libray.
>     Used in conjunction with :file:`overlay-carrier.conf`.
>     For more information see the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_dependent` section of the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` documentation.
>   * :file:`overlay-carrier-lgu.conf` - Configuration file that adds LG U+ configurations needed by the carrier libray.
>     Used in conjunction with :file:`overlay-carrier.conf`.
>     For more information see the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_dependent` section of the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See :ref:`slm_carrier_library_support` for more information on how to connect to an operator's device management platform.

* :file:`overlay-carrier-softbank.conf` and :file:`sysbuild-softbank.conf` - Configuration files that add SoftBank configurations needed by the carrier library.
  Used in conjunction with :file:`overlay-carrier.conf`.
  For more information, see the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_dependent` section of the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` documentation.

* :file:`overlay-carrier-lgu.conf` - This configuration file adds LG U+ configurations needed by the carrier library.
  Used in conjunction with :file:`overlay-carrier.conf`.
  For more information, see the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_dependent` section of the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` documentation.
```
